Thank you ma'am for remembering my voice
How dare you come to Luo's house?
The butler kicked him out
And so forth.
Mom
Nian Nian is so pitiful, let him stay at Luo's house
Didn't you always dislike him?
How oops
Was before was before
Now is now
And Aunt Flexible is no longer alive
The thought here is rootless duckweed
What's more, he's under your nose
How much wind can it lift?
Uh oops
Listen to Xueqin
This maid has a knack for drawing blueprints
Staying here can also help you read
Then stay
Thanks mom hi
Brother Sifeng, let's go!
Lin Nian, I don't care what method you use
Let them both speak for you
But you better behave yourself
Yes, ma'am.
You really dote on Luoxue unconditionally
That would be fine.
So when you lose each other
To feel the pain